what's going on everyone Penner here for
ktfo gaming today I'm showing you how to
get the Maverick gun DLC weapon without
the actual DLC itself especially on the
PlayStation simply because we don't have
the dlc yet but this works for xbox also
so I just want to do is you want to go
to a private match I'll set up a
free-for-all on whatever map it does
really matter free-for-all doesn't
matter either but free-falls a lot
easier so you want to set up a Pacific
rule sets so you want it which one to do
is you want to put like you know
everything are unlimited prograde are
always on but most important thing that
you need to do is go to the custom
loadouts and as you'll see in a minute
i'll ban certain things a certain way so
what you want to do for the assault
rifles don't ban the class itself go
into class interval i go in the
individual class and bank every single
individual gun as i'm doing right now
and same for the snipers but you can ban
every other class like been the whole
class itself but not for the actual
snipers and everything else and for the
purpose of this video I band apenas la
attachment for some reason but you can't
you don't have to do that i just banned
everything for the purposes video to
show you the actual maverick gun and how
to get it but you only really have to do
that you can bet anything else of what
you want I been secretary so they can't
run secondaries I also what you want to
do you want to run a combat knife so you
can actually you know we use the class
that you've bent every other weapon you
can be found by night it's the only
thing you can use so start up
free-for-all and you will be able to use
the Maverick you'll be able to use the
sniper version of it may be able to use
the regular gun like so i guess assault
rifle version of it and usually a
veteran bots spawn with the maverick but
if you take off every single gun that a
bar can use then obviously the maverick
is the only gun and the combat knife you
can use so
you can play it on a crew but I don't
recruit besides if I my recruiting uses
sniper regular uses a sniper I think
harder and stores to use the attachments
on the actual weapon itself I got a
shotgun other stuff but purpose this
video i just did on regular it's easy
and it's easy to do i was showing my
friends how to do it in this video and i
decided to make a video to show all of
you guys on youtube sort of bring back
our YouTube presence for ktfo gaming
nation but that's pretty much it guys
I'll follow that simple rule set and
make sure you do these soils and in the
sniper rifle ban or restriction properly
but also everyone so I hope you guys
video guys and I hope you enjoyed this
little game play of the Maverick on
PlayStation 4 this is you'll probably
see the square and stuff just as a
confirmation by bassam place both in
that guy's that's pretty much all i have
for you today so i'll be ready video
guys again and you know it just enjoy
the rest of this nothing ain't like i'll
see
you